
OffSecPy
OffSecPy is a powerful Python toolkit designed for offensive security and 
penetration testing purposes. This repository contains a collection of 
tools and scripts that can be used for various security assessments. Each 
tool focuses on different aspects of offensive security, ranging from 
anonymous browsing and DDoS detection to password cracking and port 
scanning. This README provides an overview of the tools included in 
OffSecPy and how they can be utilized.

Table of Contents
Anonymous Browsing
DDoS Finder & Spoof Detection
Storm & FastFlux
TCP Sequence Prediction Attack
FTP
GEO-IP
NmapBruteFTP
Offensenv
PDF_META
PassCracker
Portscanner
SSHBOT
Anonymous Browsing
The Anonymous Browsing tool enables users to browse the internet with 
increased privacy and anonymity. It helps mask your identity by routing 
your internet traffic through multiple proxy servers, making it difficult 
to trace your online activities back to you.

DDoS Finder & Spoof Detection
The DDoS Finder & Spoof Detection tool allows you to detect and mitigate 
Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks. It analyzes network traffic 
patterns to identify potential DDoS attacks and also helps in detecting 
spoofed IP addresses, which are often used to disguise the origin of an 
attack.

Storm & FastFlux
Storm & FastFlux is a tool that helps in detecting and countering FastFlux 
botnets. FastFlux is a technique used by malware authors to evade 
detection by rapidly changing the IP addresses associated with their 
malicious infrastructure. This tool aids in identifying FastFlux botnets 
and provides mechanisms to mitigate their impact.

TCP Sequence Prediction Attack
The TCP Sequence Prediction Attack tool focuses on exploiting weaknesses 
in the TCP protocol's initial sequence number generation. By predicting 
the sequence numbers, attackers can potentially hijack or disrupt network 
connections. This tool assists in testing the vulnerability of network 
systems to such attacks.

FTP
The FTP tool provides a set of utilities for interacting with File 
Transfer Protocol (FTP) servers. It allows users to perform various 
operations such as connecting to FTP servers, listing directory contents, 
uploading and downloading files, and managing remote file systems.

GEO-IP
The GEO-IP tool utilizes geolocation data to determine the geographical 
location associated with an IP address. It enables users to obtain 
information about the physical location, network provider, and other 
related details of an IP address.

NmapBruteFTP
NmapBruteFTP is a tool that combines the power of Nmap and brute-force 
techniques to perform FTP server security assessments. It automates the 
process of scanning for open FTP ports and launching brute-force attacks 
to identify weak or vulnerable credentials.

PDF_META
The PDF_META tool focuses on extracting metadata from PDF (Portable 
Document Format) files. It enables users to retrieve information such as 
author names, creation dates, modification dates, and other details 
embedded within PDF documents. This tool can be useful for gathering 
intelligence during security assessments.

PassCracker
The PassCracker tool is designed for password crackingand utilizes various 
techniques to attempt to recover passwords. It supports different attack 
methods, including dictionary-based attacks, brute-force attacks, and 
hybrid attacks. PassCracker can be used for testing the strength of 
passwords and assessing the vulnerability of systems to password-related 
attacks.

Portscanner
The Portscanner tool allows users to scan a target system or network for 
open ports. It facilitates the discovery of services and applications 
running on specific ports, providing valuable information for 
vulnerability assessments and security audits.

SSHBOT
SSHBOT is a tool that focuses on securing SSH (Secure Shell) servers. It 
helps in detecting and mitigating SSH-based attacks, such as brute-force 
attempts and unauthorized access. The tool provides mechanisms for 
monitoring SSH traffic, identifying suspicious activities, and 
implementing countermeasures to enhance server security.
